Move subquery paramers binding down to FetchOrEval#toInputColOrFetchRef. (#9171)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed bug that prevented subqueries from being used in select item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented subqueries from being used in select item
```

>   expressions that also contain a reference accessed via a relation alias.

Reviewer: Maybe an example would be good here.
